Question 1:
Write a java program to create a class 'Calculator', that has methods
such as multiply(), add(), subtract(), divide(), accepting two arguments
both of them as int data type. Overload these methods which will be accepting
two arguments of datatype double. In the main method showcase the use of these methods.

Question 2:
Write a Book class, having two constructors, showcasing constructor overloading,
one constructor will take title, Author as arguments, the other constructor will
take title, author and numberOfPages as arguments. Create objects of this class
showcasing both the constructor usage.

Question 3:
Write a Rectangle class, having length and width as instance variable.
Create a method isEqual(Rectangle rec) to check if the current rectangle is 
equal to the other rectangle passed as an argument.

Question 4:
https://www.javatpoint.com/call-by-value-and-call-by-reference-in-java
Go through the above article, Understand how a primitive datatype is stored in a variable
and how are object, i.e Non-Primitive datatype is stored in a variable.
Go through the example code shared in the article understand and impliment your own version of the same.

Question 5:
Write a java program to print fibonacci series using recursion fuction.
Make sure you have following in your recursion function
1. Base Case
2. return statement and return type
3. Method should call itself inside the method body.

Question 6:
Write java program to print factorial of a number using recursion function.

Question 7:
Create a Person class with Private attributes name, age, email address.
Write a method which will set the values of these instance variable as these
cant be access as Object.age etc...
Write another method to print the values of these instance variable..
Also try to udpate the name using Object.name = ''; and study the exception you get.

Question 8:
write a java class StaticBlock, Create a static block in the class which has some instance 
variables, and also some instance variables out of the static block.
Try to update the values of all the instane variable from a object, and check the values from the 
object of the same class.
Also update the values of the static block instance variable and non static instance variable from one 
object and check the values from the other object. Note down your observation.

Question 9:
Write a java program to demonstrate the use of final keyword with variable, method
and classes. Understand and study the difference b/w a final and a regular variable,
methhod and classes.

Question 10:
Write a java class StringManupulation, which has methods to perform below actions
	a. Count total numbers of characters.
	b. Replace all occourances of a specific word,
	c. Convert the sentence to upper case.
	d. Reverse a string.
	e. Find the longest word out of the sentence passed as argument. 
	HINT : study the java String class, and go through the available methods.

Question 11:
Write a java method, which will take array of integers as input and will reverse 
the elements in the array.

Question 12:
Write a final method in Calculator created above to get the LCM, HCF of varargs.
go through the varargs topic in the Chapter 7 to understand what varargs is.

